and keep panning around and we decided
to get out on a cloudy rainy day and
actually I think this is going to be
better because it adds much more
dramatic atmosphere to the mountains
where we are um that was called for
what's big for mountain morning right
and apparently there used to be a
railway along here that took people up
to the silver and gold mines and there
was a hotel that was built in that spot
where people could stop overnight and
that fireplace stone fireplaces all
that's left it burned down it was built
in nineteen twenty and burned down in
1949 that's so cool did say anything
more about the mines um I don't I read
the whole thing but obviously the
railway doesn't this look out clearly
so we are still on the ice cave trail
about I don't know maybe halfway this is
just amazing to be so reminiscent of our
honeymoon I just keep getting bigger
okay so we've come across a little bit
of a dilemma the bridge is out so
I just climbed very gracelessly
this log and now Tom gets to do it with
the dog the next Olympic sport all right
honey good luck we're all counting on
you
ecstasy
look at that form look at that grease
how he does it
it's a stick-up looks absolutely
delighted
it's a specific effective
dog rescue america yeah well done
this is where we live
and when zoom in so hopefully the
exposure will adjust so you can see what
we're seeing here there's snow pack up
there it's August near the end of our
game it'll of August snowpack is melting
and it's just coming down the falls
it's almost hard to tell if that's water
moving because it's so silky smooth the
white
say that
Theo and here we here we are at the
naturally formed ice cave at the base of
the melt
and this this is one nasty ass dog
having a drink of very cold water this
is the water that it flows right from
the ice cave when the water falls fix it
wind is shot of her peeing again
Wednesday's all just learned oh they're
calling their dog leave the dog I know
it's a human being airstrip hung me up
there well
or actually maybe he is looking for the
dog
I think we should just trade her in for
a new one she's giving her back tough
decision
take a look around behind us where we
came the way we came there's my
extremely muddy wet shivering dog and my
relatively clean a wife
alright we're heading back
you